Add .NET Debugger Extensions documentation (#43825)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/tools-overview.md

[dotnet-symbol](dotnet-symbol.md) downloads files (for example, symbols, DAC/DBI, and host files) needed to open a core dump or minidump. Use this tool if you need symbols and modules to debug a dump file captured on a different machine.

### dotnet-debugger-extensions

> [dotnet-debugger-extensions](dotnet-debugger-extensions.md) installs the [.NET debugger extensions](debugger-extensions.md) on Linux and macOS (and on Windows if you're using [Windbg/cdb](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/debugger-download-tools)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dotnet-debugger-extensions](dotnet-debugger-extensions.md) installs the [.NET debugger extensions](debugger-extensions.md) on Linux, macOS, and Windows.  [LLDB](https://lldb.llvm.org/) is required for Linux and macOS, and  [Windbg/cdb](/windows-hardware/drivers/debugger/debugger-download-tools) is needed for Windows.  
```
